Are you kidding me if he marries you?
Who would marry their father's killer?
Father killer
I went to find Song Yu Chuan
Here are the contributions of Song Yuchuan
Is it you because Tang Zhengchu rebels against the United States?
hold a grudge
You lured Song Yuchuan into a car accident
It was also you who indirectly killed Tang Yao's father
A murderer's son can count
A good murderer's words don't count
Then I want to kiss you.
Lu Xuan
I will bear with you alone
Today is my wedding
You can't be presumptuous, can you?
Your hand
Is it really useless?
No, it doesn't.
Sister, I am really hurt
Is it hurt for me?
Or did you smash it yourself?
You never really believed in me
I want to believe you
But I trust my eyes more
So the wedding will go on as usual tomorrow, right?
Murderer's words
How can you believe
No.
Yaoyao
Can you give me another chance?
Why? Because I love you.
Hahaha
Ah!
Because you love me
Killed my father
So you are useless
Quit again to lead him
You say you love me
It's your plan
Deceive everywhere
Tang Yuyao must not have such love